---
title: I'm in college now
tags: life
---

I am a college student, currently studying at College of Engineering and Technology, Chengdu University of Technology. 

The college is located in the main urban area of ​​Leshan City, Sichuan Province, a world-famous tourist destination, facing the Three Rivers and backed by Mount Emei. Leshan has developed transportation and convenient travel. The high-speed railways and highways that run through the southwest converge here. It is 1 hour away from Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport and Tianfu International Airport. It is a comprehensive transportation hub in the west.


The college covers an area of ​​more than 1,114 acres, with a planned area of ​​more than 2,000 acres and a green coverage rate of 70%. The campus is pleasant and highlights the characteristics of environmental education everywhere. The terrain of the campus is undulating, and the architectural layout follows the bay and the mountains. The Moruo Lake, which covers an area of ​​more than 300 acres, is rippling with blue waves. The lakeside park and Wanjing Garden are full of birdsong and flowers. The Ginkgo Avenue and the Camphor Avenue are picturesque. The osmanthus forest and the peach blossom forest complement each other, and are integrated with the Emei Mountain-Leshan Giant Buddha World Natural and Cultural Dual Heritage Scenic Area... It is the only university in Sichuan Province that has the honors of a national model greening unit, a provincial model greening advanced school, and a provincial garden-style unit.
